[Autogenerated] When I click published, The Toolkit reports the progress.
The first tasks are performed up in the cloud,
creating the new roles and security groups and then the
application load balancer and setting up the sub nets,
which are essentially firewalls on the load balancer.
And it creates a few more settings.
Then it gets back to work on my computer,
running through the instructions in the docker file on my computer.
It builds up the various images until it's got the publish image ready,
and then it starts pushing that final image up to E.
C.
R.
A Docker image is comprised of a number of layers,
so now we see it pushing up those layers.
The image itself is not small.
It's about 250 Mex.
But most of that is the A S P net core base image,
and you can see the layers of the image being pushed up to the
repository in the command window that opened up.
And I'm doing this from home where I don't have the fastest Internet,
so it does take a few minutes.
But it's also important to understand that most of these layers
are for the ESPN a core part of the image.
If I make a change to my application and republish this,
Dr will recognize that most of the layers are already in
the registry and they haven't changed.
So it just pushes up the layer that's directly tied to my code,
and that happens in a matter of seconds.
So it's just this initial push into E.
C.
R.
That has to go through this effort of pushing all the layers up from scratch.
And once that's all pushed up,
Fargate takes care of the rest of the tasks in the cloud,
most of which is spinning up the containers for
each of the tasks in the cluster.
You can watch this status of that in the tool kits display
that opens after the push is complete.
To me, the key bits of information here,
though, are the counts of the desire tasks,
the pending tasks and the running fargate tasks.
Now it says two tasks or running, which means my containers are ready for action.
And here's three your l it's available on.
Remember, the u.
R L is really pointing to the load balancer,
which will redirect to one or the other of the containers.
So I'll click that link and then go to the weather forecast because I like to
check that the A p I is working and there's a correct output.
Now comes the real test.
I'll go to the author's controller and it's spinning and
spinning and spinning and it fails.
Yes, again.
Sorry.
I knew this was coming, but again, I wanted you to see it just like before.
We're experiencing the fact that AWS is secure by default.
So there's just one last step to perform.
And although we could perform this step in the tool kit, I prefer the consul experience for this.